[Jobs][Ready for Review] Add documentation for ray job submission (#20530)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-job-submission/overview.rst

============================
From laptop to production
============================

**Ray Job Submission**

> 

Reviewer: let's make sure this is marked alpha with APIs subject to change (for now)

Author: added

**Concepts**

- **Package**: A collection of files and configurations that defines an application thus allows it to be executed in a different environment remotely (ideally self-contained).

- **Job**: A Ray application that can successfully execute on a user laptop, also can be submitted to a remote entity with specs such that its execution and lifetime is beyond a single ray cluster.

> Open source Ray will have the functionality to run jobs, but not manage them outside of a cluster.

Reviewer: can probably delete this line if you accept suggestion above

> - **Job Manager**: An entity that manages the lifecycle of a Job and potentially multiple ray clusters, such as scheduling, killing, polling status, getting logs, and persisting inputs / outputs.
> Should be highly available (HA) by default
> Can be any framework with these abilities, such as Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Job Manager**: An entity outside of the Ray cluster that manages the lifecycle of a job and potentially multiple ray clusters, such as scheduling, killing, polling status, getting logs, and persisting inputs / outputs. This could be any existing framework such as Airflow.
```

**The goal of Ray job submssion is to provide a lightweight mechanism for user to submit their locally developed and tested application to a running local / remote ray cluster, thus enable user to package, deploy, and manage their ray application as jobs, with pluggable job manager of their choice.**

**Example - Setup**

> Let's start with writing a local driver script to a temporary directory and use it as example for job submission. Once executed locally, this script will use ray APIs to print counter value of a remote actor from 1 to 5, and print the version of 'requests' module it's using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with writing a local driver script to a temporary directory and use it as example for job submission. Once executed locally, this script will use ray APIs to print counter value of a remote actor from 1 to 5, and print the version of the `requests` module it's using.
```

.. tabs::
  .. group-tab:: Python

.. code-block:: python
    import os
    import tempfile
    import time

    import ray

    driver_script = """
import ray
import requests

ray.shutdown()
ray.init()

@ray.remote
class Counter:
    def __init__(self):
        self.counter = 0

    def inc(self):
        self.counter += 1

    def get_counter(self):
        return self.counter

counter = Counter.remote()

for _ in range(5):
    ray.get(counter.inc.remote())
    print(ray.get(counter.get_counter.remote()))

print(requests.__version__)
    """

    # Flag to enable runtime_env in case your local ray is built from source

>     os.environ["RAY_RUNTIME_ENV_LOCAL_DEV_MODE"] = "1"

Reviewer: this is an internal developer flag, don't need it here?

Author: This is what @architkulkarni suggested me to set if im testing runtime_env with a wheel built on master for per-actor runtime_env, so I put it there in case the user is a ray developer that doesn't use public release

Reviewer: let's not expose it to users in docs, this is a rare situation and it prints a warning when it happens

    # Have a ray local cluster running with active job http server
    if not ray.is_initialized():

>         print("Starting a new ray local cluster")

Reviewer: Why do we need this?

        ray.init()

    def poll_status_sdk(job_id):
        start = time.time()
        timeout = 5
        while time.time() - start <= timeout:
            status = client.get_job_status(job_id)
            print(f"status: {status}")
            if status in {JobStatus.SUCCEEDED, JobStatus.STOPPED, JobStatus.FAILED}:
                break
            time.sleep(1)

    with tempfile.TemporaryDirectory() as tmpdir:
        # Write driver script to tmpdir.
        with open(os.path.join(tmpdir, "test_script.py"), "w") as file:

>             file.write(driver_script)

Reviewer: let's not do this dynamic writing of the script as discussed offline

**Ray Job Client**

> Using ray job client is the recommended way to do job submission programmatically.

Reviewer: this is confusing with "Ray Client" I think -- can we call it "Job Submission SDK"?

=========================
From laptop to production

> =========================

Reviewer 2: Should this say "Ray Job Submission: Going from your laptop from production" or something similar?

.. warning::

    Ray Job Submission is at Alpha phase with APIs mostly stable but subject to change in the future.

Concepts
--------

> - **Package**: A collection of files and configurations that defines an application thus allows it to be executed in a different environment remotely (ideally self-contained).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Package**: A collection of files and configurations that defines an application, thus allowing it to be executed in a different environment remotely (ideally self-contained).
```

> - **Job**: A Ray application that will be submitted to a Ray cluster for execution. Once a job is submitted, it runs once on the cluster to completion or failure. Retries or different runs with different parameters should be handled by the submitter. Jobs are scoped to the lifetime of a ray cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Job**: A Ray application that will be submitted to a Ray cluster for execution. Once a job is submitted, it runs once on the cluster to completion or failure. Retries or different runs with different parameters should be handled by the submitter. Jobs are scoped to the lifetime of a Ray cluster, so if your Ray cluster goes down, any running jobs will be terminated.
```
(Is this what "scoping" means here?)

> - **Job Manager**: An entity that manages the lifecycle of a Job and potentially multiple ray clusters, such as scheduling, killing, polling status, getting logs, and persisting inputs / outputs. Should be highly available (HA) by default. Can be any framework with these abilities, such as Airflow.

Reviewer 2: We should be consistent about capitalizing Job, but not sure whether uppercase or lowercase is better.

Reviewer 2: Let's also capitalize Ray everywhere

> Within the context of job submission, the packaging part is equivalent to :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>`, where we can dynamically configure your desirable ray cluster, actor or task level runtime environment for your submitted job.

Reviewer 2: Is it accurate to say "the packaging is handled by Runtime Environments"?  "equivalent" might be confusing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Within the context of job submission, the packaging part is equivalent to :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>`, where we can dynamically configure your desired ray cluster, actor or task level runtime environment for your submitted job.
```
We don't have a notion of cluster-level runtime environment, is this referring to a cluster environment or something else?

Author: yes i meant cluster environment, the one we use for `ray.init()`

> **Key inputs for job submission**

Reviewer 3: I find it hard to contextualize this section before seeing the example. I think we should put it after the code example where you show the structure and say something like "there's these 2 important concepts for jobs which are entrypoint and working dir which in this example are etc."

- **Entrypoint**: Shell command to execute once your code is unpackaged with runtime environment configured
    - Typically :code:`python your_script.py`, can also be any shell script such as :code:`echo hello`.
- **Runtime Environment**:

>     - :code:`working_dir` as local directory: It will be automatically zipped and uploaded to target ray cluster, then unpacked to where your submitted application runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - :code:`working_dir` as local directory: It will be automatically zipped and uploaded to the target ray cluster, then unpacked to where your submitted application runs.
```

>     - :code:`working_dir` as remote URIs, such as s3, git or others, it will be downloaded and unpacked to where your submitted application runs. For details, see :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>` for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - :code:`working_dir` as remote URIs, such as s3, git or others, it will be downloaded and unpacked to where your submitted application runs. For details, see :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>`.
```

.. note::

>   **The goal of Ray job submssion is to provide a lightweight mechanism for user to submit their locally developed and tested application to a running local / remote ray cluster, thus enabling the user to package, deploy, and manage their ray application as jobs. These jobs can be submitted by a job manager of their choice.**

Reviewer 2: I wonder if this belongs in a note or should just go at the very top of the page without being in a note.  It probably doesn't need to be in all bold

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  **The goal of Ray job submission is to provide a lightweight mechanism for user to submit their locally developed and tested application to a running local / remote ray cluster, thus enabling the user to package, deploy, and manage their ray application as jobs. These jobs can be submitted by a job manager of their choice.**
```

Reviewer 3: Probably would remove bold from this note

Author: addressed

Example - Setup
---------------

> Let's start with a sample ray script as example for job submission. Once executed locally, this script will use ray APIs to print counter value of a remote actor from 1 to 5, and print the version of 'requests' module it's using.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let's start with a sample ray script as example for job submission. Once executed locally, this script will use ray APIs to print counter value of a remote actor from 1 to 5, and print the version of the ``requests`` module it's using.
```

> We can put this file in a local directory of your choice, with filename "script.py", so your working directory will look like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can put this file in a local directory of your choice, with filename ``script.py``, so your working directory will look like:
```

.. code-block:: bash

  | your_working_directory ("./")
  | ├── script.py

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a transition like "here's the contents of script.py", or have a comment # script.py at the top of the file?

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    import requests

    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    class Counter:
        def __init__(self):
            self.counter = 0

        def inc(self):
            self.counter += 1

        def get_counter(self):
            return self.counter

    counter = Counter.remote()

    for _ in range(5):
        ray.get(counter.inc.remote())
        print(ray.get(counter.get_counter.remote()))

    print(requests.__version__)

Ray Job SDK
------------

> Ray job sdk is the recommended way to submit jobs programmatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ray job SDK is the recommended way to submit jobs programmatically.
```

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to add a sentence here summarizing what the SDK is or what it lets you do?  Or maybe right before this section, we can introduce that there's three ways to do job submission: The SDK, the CLI, and or the HTTP API.

> | Start a local ray cluster headnode

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Start a local ray cluster head node
```

Reviewer 3: I think we should move this to the "setup" section so that we don't have to repeat it 3 times for SDK, HTTP & CLI and also because it is not part of the submission (it is part of the setup actually)

.. code-block:: bash

    ray start --head

> 

Reviewer 2: Ideally we would show the output here to see the dashboard port number, so the reader can see where to read it from, but it might it might make the section too long--I don't feel strongly about it

> We can import and intialize job submission client by providing an valid ray cluster headnode address where port is same as ray dashboard. We're using your local ray cluster as example but it works the same for remote ray cluster addresses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We can import and initialize the job submission client by providing an valid ray cluster head node address where the port is same as the port used by the ray dashboard. We're using your local ray cluster as an example but it works the same for remote ray cluster addresses.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.dashboard.modules.job.sdk import JobSubmissionClient

    client = JobSubmissionClient("http://127.0.0.1:8265")

> Then we can submit our application to ray cluster via job SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then we can submit our application to the ray cluster via the job SDK.
```

.. code-block:: python

    job_id = client.submit_job(

>         # Entry point to execute

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # Shell command to execute
```

        entrypoint="python script.py",
        # Working dir
        runtime_env={
            "working_dir": "./",
            "pip": ["requests==2.26.0"]
        }
    )

.. tip::

>     By default ray job server will generate a new uuid as return value, but you can also generate your unique job_id first and pass it into :code:`submit_job`. In this case the job will be executed with your given id, and will throw error if same job_id is submitted more than once for the same ray cluster. This can facilitate job id management assuming you have your own job registry to generate and persist unique job ids.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    By default the Ray job server will generate a new UUID as a return value, but you can also generate your unique ``job_id`` first and pass it into :code:`submit_job`. In this case the job will be executed with your given id, and will throw an error if same ``job_id`` is submitted more than once for the same ray cluster. This can facilitate job id management assuming you have your own job registry to generate and persist unique job ids.
```

> Now we can have a simple polling loop that checks job status until it reaches terminal state, and get logs at the end. We are expected to see actor printed numbers as well as correct version of :code:`requests` module used via runtime_env.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now we can have a simple polling loop that checks the job status until it reaches its terminal state, and gets the logs at the end. We expect to see actor printed numbers as well as the correct version of the :code:`requests` module specified in the ``runtime_env``.
```

Reviewer 2: What's "actor printed numbers"?  Also, is it possible to paste the expected output?

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.dashboard.modules.job.common import JobStatus, JobStatusInfo

    def wait_until_finish(job_id):
        start = time.time()
        timeout = 5
        while time.time() - start <= timeout:
            status_info = client.get_job_status(job_id)
            status = status_info.status
            print(f"status: {status}")
            if status in {JobStatus.SUCCEEDED, JobStatus.STOPPED, JobStatus.FAILED}:
                break
            time.sleep(1)

    wait_until_finish(job_id)
    logs = client.get_job_logs(job_id)
    print(logs)

.. tip::

>     We can also use other remote uris for runtime env, such as S3 or GIT. See "Remote URIs" section of :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>` for details.

Reviewer 2: It should be possible to link to the exact section, I think one of these should work?
```
:doc:`remote-uris`
:ref:`remote-uris`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We can also use other remote uris for runtime env, such as S3 or Git. See "Remote URIs" section of :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>` for details.
```

> Submitted job can be stopped by user before finish executing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A submitted job can be stopped by the user before it finishes executing.
```

.. code-block:: python

    job_id = client.submit_job(
        # Entry point to execute
        entrypoint="python -c 'import time; time.sleep(60)'",
        runtime_env={}
    )
    wait_until_finish(job_id)
    client.stop_job(job_id)
    wait_until_finish(job_id)
    logs = client.get_job_logs(job_id)
    print(logs)

> Job CLI API

Reviewer 3: I would put the CLI first since it has the easiest syntax (imo)

Author: that's also an option, so far from our oss user engagements they're primarily using sdk so i tend to added more details in the SDK section to walk through the whole thing, then added cli / http as additional options

-----------

> In addition to job SDK, we can also submit ray application via CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the job SDK, we can also submit ray application via CLI.
```

> | Ensure we have a local ray cluster with running headnode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Ensure we have a local ray cluster with a running head node.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   ray start --head

.. code-block:: python

>     ❯ ray job submit --address="127.0.0.1:8265" -- "python -c 'print(123); import time; time.sleep(5)'"

Reviewer 3: Can we also show an example with `RAY_ADDRESS=127.0.0.1:8265`?

    2021-11-18 16:14:47,602	INFO cli.py:103 -- Job submitted successfully: raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F.
    2021-11-18 16:14:47,602	INFO cli.py:104 -- Query the status of the job using: `ray job status raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F`.

    ❯ ray job status raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F
    2021-11-18 16:15:07,727	INFO cli.py:125 -- Job status for 'raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F': SUCCEEDED.
    2021-11-18 16:15:07,727	INFO cli.py:127 -- Job finished successfully.

    ❯ ray job logs raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F
    123

Job HTTP API
------------

> Under the hood, both Job Client and CLI make HTTP calls to the job server running on ray head node. Therefore user can also directly send requests to corresponding endpoints via HTTP if needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Under the hood, both the Job Client and the CLI make HTTP calls to the job server running on the ray head node. Therefore the user can also directly send requests to corresponding endpoints via HTTP if needed.
```

Maybe say Job SDK here instead of Job Client to reduce the number of different terms?

Ray Job Submission: Going from your laptop from production
===========================================================

.. warning::

    Ray Job Submission is at Alpha phase with APIs mostly stable but subject to change in the future.

.. note::

  The goal of Ray Job submission is to provide a lightweight mechanism for user to submit their locally developed and tested application to a running local / remote Ray cluster, thus enabling the user to package, deploy, and manage their Ray application as Jobs. These Jobs can be submitted by a Job manager of their choice.

Concepts
--------

- **Package**: A collection of files and configurations that defines an application, thus allowing it to be executed in a different environment remotely (ideally self-contained).

- **Job**: A Ray application that will be submitted to a Ray cluster for execution. Once a Job is submitted, it runs once on the cluster to completion or failure. Retries or different runs with different parameters should be handled by the submitter. Jobs are scoped to the lifetime of a Ray cluster, so if your Ray cluster goes down, any running Jobs will be terminated.

> - **Job Manager**: An entity that manages the lifecycle of a Job and potentially multiple Ray clusters, such as scheduling, killing, polling status, getting logs, and persisting inputs / outputs. Should be highly available (HA) by default. Can be any framework with these abilities, such as Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Job Manager**: An entity external to the Ray cluster that manages the lifecycle of a Job and potentially also Ray clusters, such as scheduling, killing, polling status, getting logs, and persisting inputs / outputs. Can be any existing framework with these abilities, such as Airflow.
```

> Within the context of Job submission, the packaging part is handled by :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>`, where we can dynamically configure your desired Ray cluster environment, actor or task level runtime environment for your submitted Job.

Reviewer: put this part in the packaging section?

Example - Setup
---------------

> Let's start with a sample Ray script as example for Job submission. Once executed locally, this script will use Ray APIs to print counter value of a remote actor from 1 to 5, and print the version of 'requests' module it's using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with a sample Ray script as example for job submission. Once executed locally, this script will use Ray APIs to print counter value of a remote actor from 1 to 5, and print the version of 'requests' module it's using.
```

Please don't capitalize Job throughout the page (it's not a proper noun :))

We can put this file in a local directory of your choice, with filename "script.py", so your working directory will look like:

.. code-block:: bash

  | your_working_directory ("./")
  | ├── script.py

.. code-block:: python

    import ray
    import requests

    ray.init()

    @ray.remote
    class Counter:
        def __init__(self):
            self.counter = 0

        def inc(self):
            self.counter += 1

        def get_counter(self):
            return self.counter

    counter = Counter.remote()

    for _ in range(5):
        ray.get(counter.inc.remote())
        print(ray.get(counter.get_counter.remote()))

    print(requests.__version__)

| Ensure we have a local Ray cluster with a running head node. The address and port shown in terminal should be where we submit Job requests to.

.. code-block:: bash

   ❯ ray start --head
    Local node IP: 127.0.0.1
    INFO services.py:1360 -- View the Ray dashboard at http://127.0.0.1:8265

Ray Job APIs
------------

> We provide three APIs for Job submission: SDK, CLI and HTTP. Both SDK and CLI uses the same HTTP endpoints under the hood, where SDK provides programmatic submission and CLI facilitates command line development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide three APIs for Job submission: SDK, CLI and HTTP. Both the SDK and CLI use the same HTTP endpoints under the hood. The CLI is easy to use manually on the command line, and the SDK allows you to programmatically interact with jobs.
```

**Key inputs to Job submission**

> - **Entrypoint**: Shell command to execute once your code is unpackaged with runtime environment configured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Entrypoint**: Shell command to run the job.
```

    - Typically :code:`python your_script.py`, can also be any shell script such as :code:`echo hello`.
- **Runtime Environment**:
    - :code:`working_dir` as local directory: It will be automatically zipped and uploaded to the target Ray cluster, then unpacked to where your submitted application runs.
    - :code:`working_dir` as remote URIs, such as S3, Git or others: It will be downloaded and unpacked to where your submitted application runs. For details, see :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>`.

> Job CLI API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job CLI
```

-----------

> The easiest way to get started is to use Job submission CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get started is to use the job submission CLI.
```

> If we have :code:`RAY_ADDRESS` environment variable set with a local Ray cluster:

Reviewer: instead of this, just explicitly do `export RAY_ADDRESS=...` so people can copy-paste

.. code-block::

    ❯ ray job submit -- "python -c 'print(123); import time; time.sleep(5)'"
    2021-11-18 16:14:47,602	INFO cli.py:103 -- Job submitted successfully: raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F.
    2021-11-18 16:14:47,602	INFO cli.py:104 -- Query the status of the job using: `ray job status raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F`.

    ❯ ray job status raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F
    2021-11-18 16:15:07,727	INFO cli.py:125 -- Job status for 'raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F': SUCCEEDED.
    2021-11-18 16:15:07,727	INFO cli.py:127 -- Job finished successfully.

    ❯ ray job logs raysubmit_GsQYzyvZpgNicU8F
    123

> Ray Job SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job SDK
```
To stay consistent with above

------------

Ray Job SDK is the recommended way to submit Jobs programmatically.

> We can import and intialize the Job submission client by providing an valid Ray cluster head node address where the port is same as the port used by Ray dashboard. We're using your local Ray cluster as an example but it works the same for remote Ray cluster addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can import and initialize the Job submission client by providing a valid Ray cluster head node address where the port is same as the port used by Ray dashboard. We're using your local Ray cluster as an example but it works the same for remote Ray cluster addresses.
```

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.dashboard.modules.job.sdk import JobSubmissionClient

    client = JobSubmissionClient("http://127.0.0.1:8265")

Then we can submit our application to the Ray cluster via the Job SDK.

.. code-block:: python

    job_id = client.submit_job(
        # Entrypoint shell command to execute
        entrypoint="python script.py",
        # Working dir
        runtime_env={
            "working_dir": "./",
            "pip": ["requests==2.26.0"]
        }
    )

.. tip::

>     By default Ray Job server will generate a new uuid as return value, but you can also generate your unique job_id first and pass it into :code:`submit_job`. In this case the Job will be executed with your given id, and will throw error if same job_id is submitted more than once for the same Ray cluster. This can facilitate Job id management assuming you have your own Job registry to generate and persist unique Job ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default Ray Job server will generate a new ID as return value, but you can also generate your unique job_id first and pass it into :code:`submit_job`. In this case the Job will be executed with your given id, and will throw error if same job_id is submitted more than once for the same Ray cluster.
```

Now we can have a simple polling loop that checks the job status until it reaches a terminal state (namely, ``JobStatus.SUCCEEDED``, ``JobStatus.STOPPED``, or ``JobStatus.FAILED``), and gets the logs at the end. We expect to see actor printed numbers as well as the correct version of the :code:`requests` module specified in the ``runtime_env``.

.. code-block:: python

    from ray.dashboard.modules.job.common import JobStatus, JobStatusInfo

    def wait_until_finish(job_id):
        start = time.time()
        timeout = 5
        while time.time() - start <= timeout:
            status_info = client.get_job_status(job_id)
            status = status_info.status
            print(f"status: {status}")
            if status in {JobStatus.SUCCEEDED, JobStatus.STOPPED, JobStatus.FAILED}:
                break
            time.sleep(1)

    wait_until_finish(job_id)
    logs = client.get_job_logs(job_id)
    print(logs)

.. tip::

>     We can also use other remote uris for runtime env, such as S3 or Git. See "Remote URIs" section of :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We can also use other remote URIs for runtime env, such as S3 or Git. See "Remote URIs" section of :ref:`Runtime Environments<runtime-environments>` for details.
```

A submitted Job can be stopped by the user before it finishes executing.

.. code-block:: python

    job_id = client.submit_job(
        # Entrypoint shell command to execute
        entrypoint="python -c 'import time; time.sleep(60)'",
        runtime_env={}
    )
    wait_until_finish(job_id)
    client.stop_job(job_id)
    wait_until_finish(job_id)
    logs = client.get_job_logs(job_id)

>     print(logs)

Reviewer: add some prints so this shows something?

Author: i ended up removing it from the snippet, in the future i think we can have a separate e2e notebook with all intermediate outputs like https://gist.github.com/jiaodong/17a2c34876fdea6d2eabb2c8ca04b3ff

> Job HTTP API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
REST API
```

===========================================================
Ray Job Submission: Going from your laptop from production
===========================================================

.. warning::

    Ray Job Submission is at Alpha phase with APIs mostly stable but subject to change in the future.

.. note::

>   The goal of Ray Job submission is to provide a lightweight mechanism for user to submit their locally developed and tested application to a running local / remote Ray cluster, thus enabling the user to package, deploy, and manage their Ray application as Jobs. These Jobs can be submitted by a Job manager of their choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The goal of Ray Job submission is to provide a lightweight mechanism for user to submit their locally developed and tested application to a running remote Ray cluster, thus enabling the user to package, deploy, and manage their Ray application as Jobs. These Jobs can be submitted by a Job manager of their choice.
```
